From Hollywood, California, in the secret confines of Meltdown Comics' back room...
Harmontown is now in session!
Here we go!
Let's figure out our game master, Mr. Spencer Crittenden!
And just for good measure, our mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Spencer, why don't you talk to Jeff for a second?
Hey Jeff, is that your musical choice? That was really good!
Damn it! God damn it!
Stop the show!
You dropped the chicken tongues?
Spencer, right now, while Dan tries to make himself a drink,
right now, what geopolitically is bothering you the most right now?
Geopolitically?
Like, what in the world...
Oh man.
I'm going to do a segment called, What in the world is bothering Spencer right now?
The violent gang violence in Mexico.
For real?
Yeah, it's not a joke.
I was thinking about it.
It would be if you had told us in advance and we could prepare the appropriate theme music.
Violence in Mexico.
Yeah.
Get us up to date with what's going on in Mexico right now.
I think it's mostly still just the same stuff, you know?
Like, the gangs are just fucking shooting everyone all the time.
There's just shootouts in the streets.
I mean, it's just violence.
Non-stop.
Drug wars.
War on drugs.
War on crime.
You know, our war on drugs isn't helping.
I'll tell you that right now.
I don't think stopping the war on drugs would solve the problem, though.
I'll be honest.
I've always said, why not a war on spiders?
Drugs don't dangle down on string and go into your mouth while you're sleeping.
They don't lay a million eggs and crawl around with them on their body and then scatter.
They don't have tiny green reflections in their eyes that you can see if you shine a flashlight.
Yeah.
I've been on Reddit a lot this weekend.
Like, I was supposed to write and I finished the script, but not until I had gone down all these.
The things that I'll do to keep from writing are like so...
Like, I would...
In my third hour of investigating, going down the rabbit hole of Sandy Hook conspiracy theories,
I was like, you'd rather you just...
You're surrounded by dead children.
Like, in your mind, rather than working.
What's the leading conspiracy theory on Sandy Hook?
These people are...
I'm sorry, gang, but you're bad people.
I don't know why I'm apologizing to them, I guess because...
Here's the thing, some people love their guns so much that...
You're like, 20 kids for your gun and they're like, well, that's a lot of kids.
Too bad that hasn't happened.
And so you're like, no, it just happened and they're like, show me a picture.
Show me a picture of the 20 kids and we're like, that's gross.
And they're like, no gun. Like, conspiracy.
Wait, they think the conspiracy is that it didn't really happen.
They think it didn't happen or that it was perpetrated by...
Because the conspiracy theories have the luxury of going from the end result.
So anything that would service ultimately, for instance, an anti-gun agenda,
then you can just write backwards your conspiracy.
You can rube Goldberg too.
And you don't even need to do that because you can just go, hey, how come this woman's name is Cheerio,
but when you look at the Cheerios box, it says no trans fat.
But then look at what this guy in CNN is saying.
There's a fine line between conspiracy theory passion and just absolute schizophrenia.
Just noticing connections, connecting dots.
Do you have a conspiracy that you adhere to? Is there a thing that you think there might be a conspiracy on?
Because I haven't researched it, I am quite fond of the idea that...
Who was the original...
The Honeycomb hideout was actually a terrorist cell.
William Randolph-Hurst and the DuPont company, the reason Pot was vilified was because
hemp would have made paper cheaper and didn't need to be chemically treated by DuPont the right way.
I like the Pot stuff. I believe that stuff.
The real conspiracy is that you can track all drug legislation in the United States
to there was this crazy depressing documentary about it,
that drug policy is linked inexorably throughout our history to racial politics.
If you have a lot of Chinese labor in your country, opium becomes illegal
because there's a culture to this drug that they bring in with them.
It's something that they're using, that they brought with them.
You make it illegal so you're effectively making it possible to kick in their doors anytime you want
or do anything you want.
That drug policy has always made a handy leash on any group that we've wanted to just have extra power over.
Spencer, do you have a pet conspiracy theory?
No.
Nothing?
Maybe. I mean, not that I would imagine is outlandish enough to be entitled that, but yeah, no.
I'm sorry, everybody.
What do you think that we're getting away with right now?
What?
I feel like you, Spencer, I can't even see it right now because Dan's standing in the way.
Don't worry, I feel you.
They put my mic here, man.
This is where I'm supposed to stand.
It's for the cameras.
Spencer, are you saying that you think that everything's fine, that there's no conspiracies in the world
that we're not getting away with anything?
Well, I mean, I'm sure there's lots of conspiracies.
I just don't know about them.
Like, I mean, there's corruption all over Asia, right?
Just in the government?
Like, go on.
There could be called conspiracies.
I mean, I don't have specifics.
Give me some Asian corruption.
Well, I mean, Chinese officials, they just bribe people and they do housing projects.
I mean, there's just illegal stuff.
Like, you read about it.
Right.
If you like Asian corruption, getting caught in the rain.
I'm a syllable guy.
I like syllables.
I like to notice when things will fit like that.
All right.
So, okay.
So, game changer.
I already talked it out in the green room.
Here's a new segment called, I talked it out in the green room.
Hey, talking out in the green room.
So, it's not going to be as filled with joy.
And it's going to trickle down to you and you'll be bored.
The VR technology is here, Jeff.
It's here.
It's the valve has won.
They have crossed the finish line in the first leg of the race to have consumer level VR be amazing.
Like, I just finished.
I came from Justin Roiland's house and he has one of those valve things.
He's like a developer for it.
A valve?
Valve is a video game company that they've always been on the bleeding edge, Jeff.
The cutting bleeding edge.
Not the bleeding edge.
The bleeding edge.
Okay.
Their edge was razor sharp and caused a lot of bleeding.
Now, we've gotten to the point because of virtual technology, their edge is now bleeding.
Like, they don't even need to cut things anymore.
Okay.
That's when you're so far out in front.
There's nothing to cut.
Well, then make the edge bleed.
Aye, aye, captain.
I trust him with my life.
That's the ship they're running at valve.
They've always been there.
This is not a paid statement.
It sounds like it.
Well, tough titties for Walter Mitty's.
Now, Dan, explain who Walter Mitty is for these people.
They know.
It's Ben Stiller.
Okay.
They know.
Can that be the episode title?
You guys don't know.
That movie is based on an old viewmaster reel.
So, I'm just saying, okay, I've tried all the other shit.
And I'm not going to name names because there's going to be a fucking thug-like war between these VR companies and valves going to win.
I put on the goddamn helmet and I was fucking in a virtual reality.
I mean, you've all put on the things where you're kind of like, oh, it hurts my brain, but I guess I'm kind of in a Swiss villa.
It's like, and I've tried everything and I walk out just feeling awkward and embarrassed because it's still like the 90s.
And it's like, okay, yeah, I guess what you've accomplished here is you have figured out a way to make a plastic helmet that has the equivalent of an iPhone in front of my face.
So that when I look through it, I can experience an app that you created.
It's terrible and you walk out feeling really sad, really sad for all the people that spent billions of dollars.
There's children starving in probably Asia for sure, right?
Yeah.
All the officials are taking their foods.
Then you put this shit on.
It's like putting a sock on your head.
But that's a bad metaphor. It's over, Jeff. It's over. We've crossed the new threshold.
Was there a game that you played?
There was a lot of things I played. They have these little sample things.
One of them is you're standing in a kitchen and I'm telling you, you make soup.
That's not a lie. I'm telling you, that's what you do. You make soup.
And the whole time you're making soup, you're like, get the fuck out of here because it's like the fridge and the microwave.
You're like just fucking jam and shit with your hands.
And there's like a thing that's like, you need to make soup and it's like two carrots.
You've got to go in and you're like, there's the carrots.
There's another carrot. You can like fucking open the fridge with your other hand.
You drop it in the pot. You make soup.
Can you make soup wrong or right?
There's a way to measure whether you made the soup right or wrong.
You don't put the right ingredients into the whatever container requires that thing being made.
But then, yeah, after a while you take the pot and you try throwing it at the robot that's telling you to make soup.
And it's like, it hits it and you're like, Jesus Christ.
It's not even a game. There's no score. There's no countdown. There's no pressure.
I sit on an iPad and I play games where I'm like, you know, Natalie's diner. You got to make a sandwich.
And I'm like, you know, Erin's like, it's four in the morning, don't you have a, shut the fuck up.
Like I've almost earned chopsticks.
This is like crazy.
Is there a verifiable way that they say, okay, you made the best Reuben of all time or are you fucked it up?
Just guys.
I don't know.
No, it's not that.
It's not far enough along, Jeff.
You're interpreting what I'm saying to you as if the reality of making a sandwich is like there.
It's not simply sandwich making, but it's not about the quality of the sandwich.
It's about your ability to interact with an actual virtual environment in a way that has only previously been done in movies.
So walk me through this. So you see like a stack of bread slices of bread?
Soup.
It's fine. You don't just make soup. It's a cold kitchen.
Okay. Let's say you see a carrot. You can walk over and grab a carrot.
You grab the fucking carrot.
And do you chop the carrot up?
Well, you know, I bet you could, but I didn't.
Why didn't you chop the carrot?
You see, you feel like you're investigating a soup simulator as if like, you're like, wait, if you can't chop it up.
The reason I told you-
This sounds like a soup simulator. I want to know why.
But I'm telling you, the thing that's going to blow your mind has nothing to do with how accurately it simulates making soup.
I'm saying you make soup.
You dig?
Like, it doesn't matter if it's not like, like making soup.
It's like you make soup.
But do you-
And word-
First of all, don't drop an Mbamami while I'm talking about carrots.
But that's the only word that could possibly express, like, my- to probably punctuate my-
Walk me through, like, what is the- how specific do you get? Like, you grab an onion and do you cut the onion?
You just drop it in a pot.
I'm telling you, it's no more sophisticated on the level of-
Dropping an onion in a pot is not making soup.
This guy, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, this is the thing. This is the crazy thing about it is, it's not- it's like-
But you're a Minecraft guy. Wouldn't you like to be able to chop up and, like, get rewarded for dicing the onion perfectly or not?
No, man.
No.
Minecraft is like low-fi and high-function. That's exactly-
Okay.
Thank you for proving my point. For wandering into my demons land.
I don't know. I don't play these games.
Anyways, whatever that is.
What's the controller? Is it your body?
Right now, it's still just like, we sticks basically, like, but they have their own.
But they can easily, it's just a matter of expenditure, you know, like, they can easily make, like, you know, easily.
Like, based on what you're doing, like, it's a really cheap, like, fucking glove that you could, like, grab the carrot!
And it's real! It's a real carrot!
And I picked up a knife and I went like this.
You're dropping a carrot. See, that's what I'm talking about.
And I kept doing it, and I was like, I was scared. I was like, what if blood flies out?
That's what I'm talking about. When you hold the knife, what is the knife's function?
Is it an actual- can you chop?
I probably could have chopped carrots, yeah.
Okay. I bet.
That's possible.
I didn't try. I was in there five minutes, and then they put me somewhere else, and then they put me somewhere else.
Shit is crazy!
But your first instinct was to see whether or not you could slit your own throat with it with a knife.
But, see, that, if you have a real knife and you hold up to your throat, you should just pass out and die, right?
That would be one of the many great applications of virtual reality is loopable suicide.
Yes.
I mean, believe me, we're coming up on crazy days.
We're going to go right- talk about whiplash. We're going to go from the days of, and I'm not making fun of anybody for-
I'm not one of these guys that's like- I was one of these guys, and now I'm not. I'm old and I'm tired.
I accept your triggers and your sensitivities and everything. I love you.
I support you in watching a TV show and being affected by it.
Whoa! The TV show hurt me.
Dear diary.
I got hurt. Okay, now I'm making fun of you.
You know what? I hurt myself.
You said you wouldn't do it.
I'm making a little bit of fun of you.
But that's because my dad hit me!
In front of Cheers!
I didn't- I was like, I don't watch Cheers and be like, okay, never mind.
I'm sure your dad hit you too.
Were you ever hit in front of iconic TV or was it always down in the basement?
There's so many- there was a Napoleon bobblehead going...
And that's why I- and I tried. I still got a C-minus in French history. I didn't complain.
So we're gonna- I'm just saying we're gonna do this whip thing because it's like, holy shit.
Dear Hannibal Season 2. I've always triggered by this thing and blah blah blah.
And then it's gonna be like, listen man, you can do one of eight things when you put this helmet on.
There's gonna be lots of ways to just hang out in there and just be like,
I'm a big sea otter bouncing an ice cream cone off my belly.
But then it's- you know, there's gonna be a lot of just stab stab stab or like, here's a map of my school.
I don't- I'd like like like, when people are like devou-
Yeah.
That's what I'm saying to you.
You're not reacting to me, we're reacting to the future.
Just to make that clear.
And it's gonna get- I'm not sure that's true. It's gonna get crazy, as the kids say.
They add A's now.
Alright, so I've already talked too much.
I had the- well I did that and then I had the worst Uber driver ever.
Uber, Uber Corner?
Uber Corner.
Shit, I can't play on like-
Okay.
Alright, I can't work like this.
He's just a bad Uber driver and I can't- I can't, the theme's-
What was his name or her name?
I don't know.
Step notes?
He wouldn't pick me up, I was standing outside the oyster bar and because I was-
I walked from Justin's construction all over Sherman Oaks.
So I walked to a place where there was no construction to call an Uber.
I wasn't gonna try to make anybody navigate construction with their Uber.
That wasn't- that wasn't my goal.
I took the hit.
I walked to a place.
I sat down.
I ordered a drink.
I leave only footprints.
I don't hang out.
I don't loiter.
I don't abuse Uber drivers.
I don't do anything to make anyone's life difficult.
I float on the wind.
I'm-
I'm- I'm Forrest Gump's feather.
And word.
Again, the second- the second time that was necessary.
So I call the guy and then I get- it says, your Uber's here.
I go out in the sidewalk.
And by the way, the fact that I had to go out in the sidewalk meant I had to pay $20
because I had to- he came so fast that I was like, oh, shit.
Well, I'll just have to leave a 20 and let him keep the change.
$20 drink.
So I'm already all revved up.
I'm out on Moor Park and it's hot and I'm like- and I'm like, well, it says he's here
but he's not here.
I mean, there's like- it's nothing but fucking- because of the construction, like, it's easy.
God damn it.
And the guy calls me and he- and it's just like, you just hear music in the background
and it's like-
I'm not doing any ethnicity of music at all.
Like, it's just like blanket, just like fucked up, like unmarketable mishmash.
That could have been a white guy at the end.
And- and- and-
When you left me last night, it was hoppy!
Okay.
Well, Habibi-
Well, but when you left me last night-
That narrows it down a bit.
No, but that was coccasite on the front end.
Can't pin me down.
You left me-
I don't know what country this guy came from.
You left me last night because of Habibi.
Well, you left me last night because Habibi!
Beautiful red dress, Habibi!
I think that guy might be from Cincinnati.
Certainly by way of Syria.
Racist.
So-
I- I say Habibi when there's a fish special.
No, you fucking don't.
I'm like- I'm like fucking-
It's like saying- it's like saying like like like like like like like a Mazel tov.
Okay.
I say that sometimes.
I'm- you know, I don't give a fuck.
I'm a fucking- I'm a white privileged conqueror.
It assimilate everybody.
I'm like- I'm like a lehyam, fuck it.
Like- Salu, yeah, fuck you fucking-
Salum.
Sal- Salum?
All right.
No, Salu, like an Italian.
Oh, Salu.
Racist again.
Can't tell Italians from my clubs.
All right, so-
So you call the guy, it's like-
And he keeps going like, I'm- I'm not out- I'm like- I can't- are you at the oyster bar?
And I'm going like, yeah, I'm outside the oyster bar.
And he's like, I'm more park!
And I'm like, yeah, I'm more park.
And I'm standing on more park.
And he's like, but you're not here!
And I'm like, you're not here.
You're not here.
And he's like, no!
You're not here!
And the music's like-
I was born on the 4th of July!
Habibi!
And I'm like arguing with the guy, and he's like forever.
And I'm going like, so you're- and I look at the map, and it's like Mission Impossible.
I'm like, I'm zooming in on your location, sir.
I can see your cartoon car.
Are you situated behind- all the way behind the oyster bar?
And he's like, I love oyster bar!
I'm more park!
Like mad at me.
Like he's like trying to get through to me.
And I'm like, I'm on more park.
I'm outside the oyster bar.
I see your car.
I think you're in the parking lot behind oyster bar.
And while that would not normally be an issue, it's basically a block away from me,
because you're in the fucking parking lot, and it's like- it's Sherman Oaks.
Like they- I can't just like cut around.
I don't- just trust me.
Go there, take pictures.
So eventually I'm like, you're in the parking lot.
And he's like- and then finally he acts exasperated.
He's like, are you in the parking lot of oyster bar?
I'm like, no!
Do I look like a car?
And you're not- you're like, why would I go into the parking lot?
I don't have a car!
Do you think this is how I react to my car being stolen?
I'd be like, oh shit, my car is gone.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
No, I would walk out onto Moorpark, call an Uber,
go to walk, and I'd go, and then the guy was like such a sassafras.
Because he was like-
Now you're racist.
Because I got in, and so he goes- he goes, he starts driving,
and he's like, I cannot fucking- the street is just construction.
And I'm like, mmm, I took- because I know I walked into construction.
Like I didn't say anything though.
Say it again?
I said, why do you walk there to the oyster bar?
Because there's no construction.
I already took that fucking hit.
If I want to hear about fucking construction,
I'll close the fucking Justin's house.
Why are your teeth so gritty?
Because I'm fucking angry.
What are you fucking dumb?
I've never heard that character before,
where you talk with you.
It's fucking anger being restrained,
so I don't say something with my whole mouth.
What do you want to say?
I want to fucking suck on something.
Let it out.
I'll just flip my throat with a virtual knife.
So he pulls one of these.
And by one of these, this is a new one for me.
He's driving it, and he goes, I kept fucking the thing.
And then I'm like, OK, sure.
And I just pulled the Jodie Foster on him.
And by that, I mean, I looked out the window at a world
more important than him, and chose to atone with it
for all the pain I've been through,
rather than I'm not going to stoop there.
And so find the camera, and turn the light on,
and give me your Jodie Foster's, that camera
with the red light there.
OK, here's the Jodie Foster if you're outside my car window.
OK.
Now, let me do it again.
Let me do it again.
That looked like somebody set off a cherry bomb
outside the car.
All right, let me do it again.
OK.
All right, can we move on?
We got it, we got it.
So the Jodie Foster's wrapped.
So he goes, I pick you up there before, no.
And I said, no, not the oyster bar, no.
Or he said, I drive you before, yes.
That's what he said.
And I said, maybe, I'm like, you're bald.
Like, I don't know, I don't know what to go by.
And he's like, and many times from there.
And I'm like, no, not the oyster bar, no.
And he's like, yeah, yeah.
He was like, like, oh, I was like, oh, really?
You picked me up at the oyster bar a lot?
He's like, yeah, yeah.
What?
How does he think he's going to get through this debate?
Like, oh, I'm like, I said, oh, really?
So am I a doctor?
He's like, what?
I'm like, where do I work?
Tell me some more shit about myself.
But I didn't say it like that.
I was like, tell me some more shit about myself.
And he did the scariest thing on the road.
He's like, I'm sorry, buddy.
I'm sorry.
And I felt like, oh my god, the Eastern European guys
in the wire, he's going to kill me.
I'm scared of Eastern Europeans.
Racist, fine.
But fine.
I would rather be killed by any other ethnically
identifiable group in the world before an Eastern European.
Why?
The wire.
Which? From my extensive experience as a born identity.
What kind of person would you pick the first person
to kill you?
Who would it be?
I feel like, honestly, I'm going to go
with good old fashioned black guy.
Good old fashioned black guy?
Yeah, because I feel like they're not just describing.
Like, what's he wearing?
What's he look like?
No, this is not fair what you're doing to me.
I'm saying.
You said that you would think.
I'm saying, first, I'm running through my simulators
of if you're getting killed by an ethnic person and why are you?
What is that death consisting of?
I'm going to go with the black guy over there.
The Eastern European is like, I don't want to.
I feel like I would be in a warehouse.
And according to everything I've seen,
the first you wake up and they're like, hello, hello, big boy.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
What the fuck is going on?
And they're like, you take my fucking money.
And you're like, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
And then there's like a crocodile in there pouring concrete.
Like, wait, wait.
Like, what do black people do when they kill you?
Hold on, tell me about the crocodile and the concrete.
I don't fucking know.
You just scream.
And then like, they find your body and David Cruz is like,
looks like crocodiles eat.
Two.
OK, so that you don't want to die by Eastern European guy.
But you want to die by black guy.
Because how do you think that's going to go?
What's the best way that you get killed by a black guy?
You're trying to make me sound racist.
So I'm going to.
No, I'm not.
I'm trying to escape that nuisance.
I'm not saying that.
You get to pick.
We're talking about pop cultural deaths.
How do white men die in movies?
And then so I will take one of the and the answer is if killed.
There's probably a chart like if killed by black man in movies,
white man dies.
How?
It's not by machete.
It's not by like, like, like he's like, you know, Redwood
Forest and he hears his wife's voice, even though she's
been dead for 10 years, and then he has to like see Satan
and his fucking pores explode with heroin.
Like if it's statistically on a on a bar graph of one race
killing another in movies, if a white guy dies by a black guy,
it's like a stray bullet.
A stray bullet.
Yeah, or so or it's like or it's like Patrick Swayze or
something that's like, I love my wife so much.
Hey, man, give me your money.
Hey, let's be reasonable.
Oh, oh, I love my wife.
OK, so it's easy.
It's easy.
It's soft and easy.
It's like it's like Shakespearean.
I just want my pen lights up.
OK, so Dan, you get to write your own death, like play along
with me here.
It's a death by another person.
It could be a man.
It could be a woman.
It's one person.
What race?
You get to pick.
I get to pick the race?
Yes.
Black guy.
OK.
But he did the second.
But how do you want that death to happen?
You get to pick.
You die because somebody else kills you.
It could be a man or woman.
You've already picked black man.
Right?
Right, sure.
Well, I'll pick black woman.
OK, well, I like that.
That's good.
I deserve that.
You can pick any of them.
I deserve that more.
I like black women.
How would you like to die?
You get to pick the race, the gender, the whole thing.
OK, well, then I guess I'm at the bank and I'm like,
here's my golf fund.
And then she comes in and she's got a big afro
and she's got an olive jacket.
And she's hot and she's like, free, suckers,
this is a hold up for the 1970s.
And I'm like, easy, easy.
And then she's like, but then I can
see there's humanity in her eyes.
Because she gets fucked over.
Because she's just like, this ain't your money.
She pulls a totally smooth robbery.
She's got it down to a science.
She's like, all y'all's money is.
No, that sounds terrible.
I didn't mean to do bad grammar.
All y'all's money is insured.
It was the plural on the y'all's that sounded terrible.
This ain't your money.
It's the government's money.
They fucked you over.
Now I'm fucking them over.
So keep your goddamn head down.
You won't get a blown off.
And I'm like, she sounds like she knows what she's doing.
And then she's filling her bag.
And then somebody just pulls some crazy shit on her.
Like the bad honky.
Like he hits the alarm, and he shouldn't hit the alarm.
Who do you cast as a bad honky in this?
It's Dabney Coleman.
And then it's like, and he did it, and he did it.
And she's like, why did you do that?
Why did you do that?
And I don't know what happens at that point.
She gets shot.
Like Dabney Coleman's got a little fucking asshole gun.
And then she gets shot.
But then something happens, and I
don't have time to write the whole thing, but basically
it ends up with me and her in the bank vault.
Because I somehow, it was kind of like a dog day afternoon
meets Cadillac Man.
Like what do you call it?
Stockholm syndrome kind of thing.
But it's like she and I, we end up,
we solve everything in those dark days
before we die together.
Because she has to kill me.
How do you die, though?
Well, she has to, I mean, I'm picking this
because I died by a black woman.
So she has to kill me, right?
But under what circumstances?
Third act, how do you?
I guess right at the end, I reveal myself to be like,
I'm like, I'm sorry, you can't trust me either.
And then she shoots me?
Yeah, it feels bad.
I don't want to be selfish, but I'd rather
she has to kill me because I like, oh, oh, oh, I know why.
Because I helped her.
I aided and abetted her.
And I'm like, there's nothing in my insurance policy
about treason.
Do it.
Do it for my wife and kids.
And she's like, I can't do it, Mr. Harmon.
And I'm like, don't you ever fucking call me Mr. Anything.
You fucking awesome black woman.
And she's like, you fucking unexpectedly wonderful white
man.
And I'm like, just fucking shoot me.
And it goes black.
And then it's just like fucking Aaron Sorkin.
So that's a good death.
I don't want that to be misperceived
as an invitation of any kind to black women across America.
It's too late now.
It's already out there.
Spencer, how would you die if you could pick a way
to be murdered by another human being?
How would it go down?
You have to pick race and gender.
That's what I'm interested in.
Oh, who is your murderer?
Or it could be an animal.
It could be a woman.
It could be a man.
It could be anything.
I'm going to keep it Asian.
I'm going to go with sumo wrestler would be awesome.
Whoa.
But he just ripped my head off my body.
But walk us through how that goes down.
Why?
All right.
So I'm at the supermarket looking at frozen vegetables.
And I bump my cart into someone's cart.
And I go, oh, shit.
Sumo wrestler.
And he's not having it.
And I'm like, I'm sorry, man.
I'm just trying to get some peas.
And he's like, I'm trying to get something.
And I ask, what?
And he says, your head.
And then he just rips off my head.
All right.
Well, our next guests are no strangers to racism.
These are actually really old friends of ours.
I bet a lot of people would be surprised how long we've
known these guys.
We don't hang out every day.
But our connection goes way back to pre-Youtube days
and channel 101.
I hope they don't want to know.
They're not trying to keep their age secret, right?
Because unless they were 11 back then.
Oh, boy, are we old.
But they were part of this amazing troop
that was doing early, like channel 101 New York stuff.
The human giant.
The other guy was a Z-Ease.
And he went, you know.
I mean, one thing I want to talk to these guys about
is that they've never, I don't know, that's like that troop.
Like, it never goes like, OK, we're Simon and Garfunkel.
We're going this way or that way.
Or we're breaking up or we're reuniting, as far as I know.
They've kind of all individually done amazing stuff.
We've got two of them here tonight promoting a,
that makes it seem crass that they're here promoting something.
They're just here.
If they promote something, it's on accident.
But they just finished working on something, a concert movie
that we'll talk about, too.
So let's welcome some old friends of mine
and some new friends of yours, Misty.
That was good.
That was really good.
I've been looking for a standard intro like Duncan Trussell
has.
You choked over in the back, but that was actually
really good.
No, no, that's why I laughed because it was so good.
I was like, oh, wow, that's nice.
Say it again, but say it was, like, throw it away.
Do it like that means nothing to you.
So please give an H-town welcome for some old friends of mine
and new friends of yours, Mr. Paul Scheer and Rob Hubel.
Hi.
I'm watching the live stream backstage
and just thinking it would be great
if there was a thermometer reading on the live stream
just to see how the temperature is treating everybody here.
Well, you don't need one.
You have the equivalent of a mercury bird.
Because I was just thinking, I'm pouring sweat.
Oh, I did a show here earlier today.
I poured sweat.
I stopped, and now I've come back to pour sweat again.
This is it.
This is my workout for the week.
Thank you.
I don't sweat at all.
I'm tired of having to explain to these guys.
It's six degrees colder out there.
I'm not just a pollution.
You're the reverse letterman.
Letterman keeps the studio cool, like 60 degrees.
You jack it up to 107 degrees.
All right, so let's dig in.
What?
Wait.
Rob, you have to pick a way you're going to die.
But Paul has to be the one that kills you.
You get to pick the circumstances and the way
that he dispatches you.
How do you let Paul Scheer murder you?
First of all, great question.
I've given this a lot of thought, actually.
Is it something, do I have to be aware of it before it
happens, or can it be sort of like a sneak attack?
You get to pick.
Also, it could be when you're 90 years old.
It could be tomorrow.
It could be when you're five years old.
It could be anything you want.
You have to die.
When he was five years old.
So he can go back in time and kill himself.
Wow.
He gets to pick how he dies, but it
has to be at Paul Scheer's hand.
How do you like to go out?
Go my time traveling back, like a terminator?
It's up to Rob.
All right, it's up to Rob.
If he does time travel back, is he totally nude?
Like a...
See, this is why I ask.
Because I feel like that's where you want us to go.
Right.
So you get to pick.
Not only do you get to pick how Paul kills you.
You get to pick what he's wearing or what he's not wearing.
It sounds like he has to be nude and five years old.
Well, I mean, yeah.
I would love a five-year-old terminator.
That would be the best version of the new terminator.
Just like a really bad ass kid.
All right, I think I got it.
A little criminal child.
I think I got it.
Rob, you got it?
Yeah, I think it was my birthday when I was seven years old.
My parents had this really sort of homegrown birthday party
for me where they had like my little friends come over.
And I don't know why they did this, but they made a ton,
a shit ton of like mashed potatoes.
And we were all like in our swimsuit.
This sounds very erotic.
We were all like in our swimsuit.
A birthday party with tons of mashed potatoes?
Oh, wait, explain.
I'm fucking hard as a fucking diamond right now.
So we were all in our little swimsuits.
And everyone had a spoon.
And it was just like a food fight.
It was just like someone yelled, like, go.
And we all just fucking threw a shitload of food at each other.
And it was just like the simplest, dumbest, happiest
I've ever been.
So I think that if Paul Shear showed up at that moment,
naked.
As a five-year-old?
No, as an adult, I think.
All right.
Yeah.
Like current Paul, right?
Yeah, current Paul, full throttle.
Like super hard.
Well, and I mean, yeah, as long as no metal was exposed,
I could probably time travel.
But now as an adult, I do have a metal rod in my penis
to keep it hard all the time.
So a metal would prevent you from time traveling?
It isn't exposed.
It's not like at the fucking airport.
That's always been a weird thing about Terminator.
It was good enough for the first Terminator movie.
It was kind of cool.
It was like, well, why would he look like Arnold Schwarzenegger?
And the reason is because living mechanical things, she.
The living tissue, yeah, covered it up.
But then after you were 11, you were like, well, but come on.
Yeah, he's still a giant robot underneath there.
Like why would that matter?
Why don't you just like, yeah.
Well, in this last movie, his hand is ripped off.
He's like, oh, yeah, I can't time travel because now you
can see it.
I believe you.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's the whole conceit is that he's
got to wait around for 30 years.
That's how the Terminator gets older is he's like, I'll wait here.
And then how did this get off of little kids in bathing suits
with mashed potatoes?
How did we get off of that?
Can we fucking stick to one side?
Sorry.
Yeah, sorry.
We said no tangents.
OK, no tangents for the whole show or just this question?
That's the rule of Harmontown is no tangents.
Mashed potato birthday party.
I'm there as a naked adult rock hard.
But what I would like to not see it coming,
I would like for you to just sort of materialize behind me
with a fucking huge hatchet.
And just fucking slice me down the brain.
My parents and everyone's like, what the fuck?
But it would be a service to me because my life wasn't
going to get any better than that, you know?
Not at all.
So thank you.
Do you guys think they're, I was going to say they say.
Well done.
I don't know who they are, but I heard somewhere,
and it was probably an eighth grade history teacher,
that the guillotine is like the most humane execution
we've come up with so far.
That's what they say, right?
Because the speed that it goes down, all you feel is a,
who knows this?
Who studies this?
But by the way, it seems.
You feel a coldness on the back of your neck
and then it's done.
I feel like that, if we ever did that, though, now,
it would be viewed as the most inhumane.
Oh yeah, well, it looks terrible.
Well, they also say.
The thing we do to them, lethal injection, is like,
you know, worse.
It's terrible.
They're experiencing a terrible thing.
That drowning is like pretty fucking cool.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
I thought I got it right.
No fucking way, man.
I thought it's just like.
I'd rather burn to death.
Oh, water.
You know, it's just like, well, but what about the,
what about the writhing?
I'm like, oh, God, oh, that part of me.
For me, if I had to pick firing squad all the way, firing squad.
I want drums.
I want dudes.
Like, I want guys in keppies.
That's fucking insane.
And I think you're lying.
I want Claude Reigns to be out there in front.
They go, do you have any less words?
And I go, up your butt with a coconut.
And then they put the blindfold on me and they would shoot me.
And then have bolts of lead fly through the air
at the speed of sound to go into random parts of your body.
If you've ever seen firing squad footage of people dying,
they go, boom, and the person's head goes,
and that's it, they're fucking, they're clearly dead,
right off the bat.
Isn't the whole thing of the firing squad
that only one person has a bullet,
but they're all aiming at your head?
No, no, no, no, it's the other way around.
There's a blank that everyone gets to assume is there.
You might have the blank, you might not have been the one.
Got it.
I like your way better though.
It's just like, one guy just sucks.
You shot him in the shoulder, you asshole.
You always get to go home at night from your work a day
job on the firing squad.
How was work today, honey?
I had the blank again.
I had the blank in there.
Oh, sweetie, that's great because you know how much
my parents disapprove of your job.
Yeah, tell them three weeks and running.
I guess I'm just born for this job.
Please stop telling your parents what I do for a living.
Each firing squad guy has on the door of his locker.
They all have the blank days since the last fatality.
A sign and all of them say $500,000
because they all keep insisting they have them.
They're all super lucky.
Each one of them is telling you, yeah,
I just always get the blank.
I don't know.
Sure you did, Tony.
Sure you did.
And then Kevin walks away and is like, it was me.
They all go to P.F. Chang's afterward and they just like,
they joke about, you guys killed so many people.
No, you did.
I never have.
Me neither, ha-ha, more than one tons.
The Bullet Fairy visits one of them in the middle of the night.
It's like a Christmas carol, but for executioner.
And like, you did kill all these people.
Let's look at their lives.
And then you, you know, then you kill yourself at the end.
It's a really dark Christmas carol.
But then you get the blank.
Yeah, then you get the blank.
And then you live the best life ever.
I still think a great way to die would
Kraken would be death by Kraken.
Death by Kraken.
I was going to say a base jumping accident.
Like, have you seen any of those documentaries where,
you know, they're in like those squirrel suits.
Just going like 600 miles an hour.
Not actual squirrel suits, but like, you mean like the flanks.
Yeah, those wing suits.
They're not dressed like squirrels.
Well, they look sort of like squirrels.
But no, specifically, yeah.
They do look like squirrels.
Like, yeah.
And they go like real close to like the mountain.
To the terrain.
Yeah, and every now and then there's just like a guy that just,
it's just like fucking pink mist.
It's just like, it's just like just pink mist.
That's just like terrible.
There's so fast.
There's our band name.
That's so disturbing.
Pink mist.
It's just so fast.
I think that's the title of the episode.
Refreshing Pink Mist.
The effervescence.
The good people of the Coca-Cola Corporation
have captured the flavor and impulsiveness
of an extreme sportsman.
Aerosol misting.
It will shoot your head right off.
All right, now, Paul, you said Kraken,
if you could either die or kill somebody,
but the magic was involved, you could be the murderer.
OK, how about this?
You get to kill Dan Harmon because you have to.
Because maybe he's going to do some terrible thing.
He's Hitler.
The new Hitler.
You have to kill Dan Harmon because he's
going to, throughout history, be one of the worst
people that ever existed.
I'm going to do a whole concert about how
I want to get killed by a black woman, for instance.
Really, all right.
Yeah, so if you want to stop that, you better kill me.
Now, you live in a world, Paul, where there's magic.
You have spells.
You can do anything you want.
Or you could be as crude.
It could be a nighttime attack with a bottle opener.
You could do anything you wanted.
Or there could be magic spells.
Well, my first instinct, I'm going
to go with my first instinct here.
When you said magic, I said voodoo dolls
don't get enough play in this world.
And I think that would be a real fun way
to get in someone's head, where they don't know what's
going on.
But their hands are like, ugh.
And they could have them choke themselves.
You could light that on fire.
You could make them walk into a wall.
I never understood that science, yeah.
Like in the Disney movies, when they eventually
they're taking the doll and going like that.
And the guy's like moonwalking.
But it's like, well, wait.
How come every time you move it around,
he doesn't like float around?
I guess you have to activate it in some way.
Yeah, I think a voodoo doll, and you could prolong it a little.
But you could make it a little weird.
How do you start toying with the voodoo doll?
And then how do you finally finish the job?
Well, I think in the beginning, it
would just be simple slaps in the face.
And just general like a real thing.
This is a Total Adam Sandler movie.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, then that would get a remote control
that would control your life and fast forward rewind.
50 Nights in Haiti.
Why is that old?
That was the weirdest groan I've ever heard in my life.
Well, because I think people know, oh,
something bad happened in Haiti.
Even though that's years ago.
Or every day to the point where, I mean, who's going to Haiti
this week?
I don't know what they think is the worst part.
As an audience, you all didn't.
You all are like, oh, too soon.
Too soon to rag on an Adam Sandler movie?
No, they like that.
I said, it was the word Haiti.
They reacted to it like it was like building seven or something.
Me, what, building seven?
No reaction, not even a bad one.
Like, yeah, yeah.
Look it up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
So yeah, I think you would start to build the craziness
in with the slaps, weird things like all of a sudden,
you're laying in bed and you're like, shoot up.
And like, I don't know why I can't lay down.
Like, to really a week full of just funny, weird slapstick.
And then, you know, walking into walls and stuff like that.
And then I think it would be, I would light a fire,
then I put it on ice.
And I think those sensations, I'd go
through sensations, a lot of sensations.
And then, to talk about drowning, is Daniel-
So if you had to kill me, you'd torture me.
Well, look, we're talking about you're
a pretty evil guy.
And I want to make sure you get your just deserve.
I don't want to make sure that, you know,
I don't want to make it easy on you.
If you were like, I have to kill you
to save the life of a child, yeah, guillotine.
But if you're going to be like the next whatever,
you know, Boko Haram, I need to make sure that you take-
From Haiti?
Ooh.
Yeah, so then I would, then I think the final thing
would submerge the guy.
I don't understand why me being more evil requires
me to suffer longer.
Don't you think that you would want to suffer?
You're saying that you do.
But you don't even know what I've done yet, first of all.
Why me?
OK, Dan, I know we're learning is the-
Dan, counterpoint.
I want to put a doll of him.
He's a torturer.
How do you kill Paul Scher?
It's hard to not just do another voodoo doll on him,
you know, so that whenever I feel like my knee get hot,
I can pull out it and go like yank on his dick or something.
Yeah.
And then slow down the yanking and make it more gentle
to the extent that the heat on my knee was more comfortable.
And then we'd find an understanding.
I mean, but let's turn this into a win.
Hurt each other enough.
We can just go to restaurants together and just-
Now that's an Adam Sandler movie.
Now we're talking.
In Haiti.
It's called, Haiti's going to hate.
Nobody grown that?
But there should be a company that does that.
I don't get why there isn't like,
if you find out that you're dying,
like there should be a company that says,
OK, well, like, how do you want to die?
Like, you want to get fucking eaten by a bear?
Great, we'll set that up.
Like, yeah, we'll set it up like whatever you want.
You want to be shot in like a dry body?
But wouldn't you want to, like, in a way,
I think this is maybe a Dennis Leary bit.
So Dennis Leary, Sex, Drugs, and Rock and Roll,
I'll give this to you.
But why don't you use these people?
Were you just doing a shout out to an FX show?
Sex, Drugs, Rock and Roll.
I think his name in that show is like Steve Rock and Roll.
His last name is pretty amazing.
So I would do it like you would just
go out like in a stunt from Fast and Furious.
Like, that would be great.
Like, sell your body to a movie.
Like, yeah, you fucking get to drive Vin Diesel's car
through those buildings in Abu Dhabi.
Like, I would be.
I would go out like that.
Like, if you could arrange to have an on-screen fatality.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah.
And that they would put it in the movie.
Exactly.
Like, you get so straight in for like all old people
that are ready to die.
Jumping out of cars.
Put the, on your new headstone, there's a video screen,
like an afford explorer.
And it's just like a loop of the fucking like.
Oh, that would be the best.
This Ferrari going through.
And then people could start going, well, shit,
let's make like a Milo and Otis movie with old people.
Because they had to kill like a million dogs and cats
to make that movie.
That would be the story of two old people crossing the country
to get back to their owner.
And then it's just like an old lady in a box going down a river
and like, whoa, help me.
And it's like, you can see the different actors in each cut
in each shot.
And it's like, wow, 45.
I love that.
I'm in.
Yes.
Hollywood make that happen.
All people were hurt during the making of this film.
Everyone.
And then there's like a gray ribbon or whatever
the symbol for it is.
It's like, they wanted to be.
Yeah, they wanted to be.
They wanted to go out there, tired of being
dicked around by pharmaceutical companies.
And they were like, can I be in a kick-ass movie with Vin
Diesel about me fucking braving the rapids?
Yeah, be the best.
Were there really a lot of cats and dogs killed in the making
of it?
I haven't looked it up on Snopes, but I do believe.
I mean, that is the.
You have to believe it.
Yeah, right?
I think it was a Japanese production or something
like that.
There's got to be a Milo notice expert in here, right?
Well, I also heard that Dudley Moore would strangle a dog
every time he did voiceover work for it.
Would you mind coming up?
Oh, well, you had, well, two.
We've got two.
Two guys and one.
Sitting right next to each other.
Let's bring them both up, and they both have to come up.
Well, let's let the first guy, his hand was up first.
No, you, sir, yes, please, if you're willing.
OK, great.
And if he's, you know, we'll let you mean
genome, like a professional wrestler.
Take the chair from your beard, sir.
All right, so what have you heard about Milo notice,
and what do you know?
And first up, what's your name?
Adam.
Hello, Adam.
Hi, nice to meet you, everybody.
Let me regale you all with the heart where we stand.
Did you get everybody's name?
You, sir, you, sir.
Yeah, this was messed up, especially
because I love this movie, know, as a kid.
And then you grow up, and you find out
that this Japanese company, not only did they, like,
literally the scene where the cat, like, falls out,
they were just taking cats and just throwing it off this cliff.
Just to get this shot, and you see the cats, like, ah, not good.
Do it again.
But, like, wait, what do you mean you see?
You see footage?
Like, you see in the movie, you see the cat falling off
the cliff, and it's like, literally, what they did
was they just took live cats and threw them off a cliff
till they got the shot.
But you heard that.
I just want to, like, track down.
Yeah, I heard the same thing.
But do you know how credible is that information?
It's Dudley Moore, who did the voiceover for it,
admitted that it's one of his biggest regrets
that he was a part of the project when that came out.
Like, not as, like, he, literally.
It is still, there's still a sliver of possibility
that Dudley Moore was simply told as same as I was.
Because he wasn't there.
It's like, like, he was, like, Dudley, stand in the bushes
and be the voice of the cat, and he was like.
And by the way.
What are they doing over there?
Oh, pull-ups.
I think if he was to look back at the mass execution
of cats and dogs, and Arthur, too, maybe he would think.
Yeah, he would have, he would have waited.
Arthur, too, on the rocks, maybe.
Hey, brother, can you spare a billion dollars?
That's a sign on the poster.
But, but, yeah, I mean, I just, I'm just, I'm not,
I'm not trying to investigate or debunk you.
I'm just curious, like, because I hear it,
and then I go, like, I never know the, you know,
I never know.
We thought you worked for, like, the ASPCAs.
Sometimes I spread shit, and then later I look it up,
and I'm like, I've been spreading this shit for three years,
you know, like, and I want to, like, you know, like.
Take it all back.
Yeah, and I can't, and I can't.
It's out there.
How do I want to die at a Japanese production company
killing me for defaming their credibility?
You know what, the fact that it wasn't made in the States
makes me think that definitely animals died.
I don't know how many.
Like, I just feel like, yeah, they didn't care.
There's no ASA, you know, ASCPA.
I've heard, I've heard anecdotal stuff.
There's no CPAs on set.
Under the subheading of that, of that legend,
whatever, if it's true or not.
Okay, we got a, we love Harmontown.
Well, it's like a town meeting.
We got a research department in the audience.
A.V. Club article.
Yes, animals were harmed.
21 films and TV shows that killed or hurt animals.
Oh, luck killed a bunch of animals, and that's HBO.
Number one is electrocuting an elephant, 1903.
Okay, snobs.
Of course, that was Edison, of course.
And then stagecoach and Ben Hur as you might imagine.
Jesse James, okay.
Ben Hur, a fucking guy dies to keep it in the picture.
Heaven's Gate, 1903.
I just heard that, you know,
this is a comedy show, right?
It used to be.
We just, we went down after dead animals so hard.
Well, I gotta say, Haiti definitely started us off
on the wrong foot.
Made it through Naked Man, killing a five-year-old
with a hatchet, though.
That was me.
I mean, did you pull this up, sir,
because Milo notice was on this list?
Cause how about?
It was fact checking.
Maybe there's no relevance to Milo notice in this article.
Oh, the Adventures of Milo notice is number 21.
All right, originally released in Japan in 1986,
the Adventures of Milo notice depicted
the best buddies relationship.
But it's as cute as the film is.
It's been dogged by rumors of animal cruelty.
Dogged by rumors.
A-minus AV club.
Just like all my best episodes.
Fucking A-minus.
What the fuck are you?
They can't give it up.
They're very hard to grade.
You know what got an A?
My last episode, they were like, yeah, get out of here.
All right, particular emphasis on a claim
that 20 kittens were killed in the course of filming.
These are still describing the rumors.
Though the rumors were never substantiated animal rights
at the point that the film's end credits don't use
the standard American he made association claimer.
But instead a more vague, the animals used were filmed
under strict supervision with the utmost care
for their safety and well-being.
And their interment.
Regardless of off-screen abuse, a lot of what
made it into the film meets any reasonable definition
of animal cruelty.
That's a good point.
Even on screen, even if they use the same cat and dog,
it's like, Jesus Christ, man.
Don't work them that hard.
While some of the more harrowing scenes
were cut for US audiences, others remained,
like the one in which the cat plunges more than 100 feet
off a cliff into the ocean.
Other controversial scenes include.
But there's no.
No one knows.
There is no.
It's dying with those Japanese filmmakers.
It's the last one on the list.
And they don't say that there's no reference to it.
The one that I want to look at is, I remember as a kid,
and I've only been able to see images of it online,
Benji at Marine World.
And they put Benji in a wetsuit.
And then submerged him, made him dive.
So he's wearing an old school, like 20,000 leagues
under the sea kind of helmet, like a circular fishbowl helmet.
And he's in his own wetsuit diving.
And I'm like, well, I know this dog is under water.
And I don't think that wetsuits for dogs are a thing.
So I'm guessing this is inhumane.
What was your name again, sir?
Sorry.
Adam.
Adam, and what did you, oh, shit, sorry.
Do you think you have a line to any more information
than Adam had?
There's a couple more stories about it.
But like you said, everything's just still kind of covered.
So still unsubstantiated.
But what was your name, just so we can, Ben.
All right.
Well, thank you, Ben and Adam, for being our Milo notice
correspondent team.
Tony Macs, Tony Macs, Tony Macs.
I wouldn't put that credit on your resume,
though, like, Harmontown Milo notice expert.
Well, let's hope, let's hope.
You know, well, because Rob pointed out,
I think it was Schrab, he's like, yeah,
isn't that seen where the, like, it's part of the story
that one of the animals hurts their leg and they're limping.
And it's like, how do you, how do you train a puppy to limp?
I will say, I have worked with numerous animals
and none of them can be trained.
They are all, they only have owners that promise you
that they will be able to be trained.
Oh, yeah.
And then they're like, I don't know why they're not
doing it now.
They were doing it great yesterday.
Heat vision and Jack, like Jack gets out of the jail cell
because there's a German shepherd and the joke is so smart,
he can talk German shepherd through a dog whistle.
And it's like, yeah, the guy comes in with the German shepherd
and is like, this is Bucky.
And I was like, OK, well, because it says on the script
that the dog does all this shit.
And the guy's like, here's the three things Bucky could do.
And then, yeah, he's like, and I've
been working with them all week on that one thing.
But OK, let's try it.
Oh, all right.
Nope, nope, nope, nope.
It will really work if I'm in front of the dog
and I have my hand on his head and I'm in the shot.
Will that work for you guys?
No, absolutely not because that's not the way filming goes.
We can't have this dude who just appears
to be training the dog in the scene.
Yeah, that's why in TV shows it's always like, if the dog growls,
it's like yawning.
But then there's like, argh.
You shot a thing on the league with a monkey.
And the guy, I was in a car, the monkey got loose in a car.
And he goes, don't worry if the monkey starts
biting whatever the sun visor.
He likes that.
All right, all right.
He goes, but if he starts biting you,
just give him these gummy bears and they will be fine.
And my advantage was I was like, that's
shit.
I wouldn't give that to a child who's being hyper.
Why would I then provoke the monkey
and then also give him something that's in the form of a human?
I wouldn't want to get that.
The most important thing being like, if he bites me,
don't defend myself?
Yeah.
Don't give him a treat.
If he reverts to his savage animal instincts
and is following no programming whatsoever,
I should elevate my understanding of everything
in the universe and not react primarily.
On Children's Hospital, we shot this thing
with a baboon and a fucking baboon.
They're so scary.
They have the biggest fucking fangs.
And they brought her in and she was dressed up
like Megan Mullally's character.
She was wearing a little lab coat and glasses.
The baboon was?
The baboon was, yeah.
And so they had her in this chair
and she was just at this desk and she was just supposed to type.
The joke was that we didn't know that that was not
Megan Mullally.
We thought, oh, chief blah, blah, blah, we start talking to her
and we just didn't know.
So the trainer, they put her in this chair
and she would just type.
She would just go like on a typewriter,
but like a fucking maniac with such fucking hatred
and anger at the world.
And they told us right before we rolled,
it was me and Offerman.
Me and Offerman are supposed to be questioning the monkey,
leaning right into her face.
And they go, oh, yeah.
Don't look at her because that's aggressive.
So don't look at her.
You can look towards her, but don't look at her.
And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What is the difference between fucking looking
towards this animal and looking at it?
Because I don't want to get my fucking face ripped off
and like shat in and handed back to me.
Back in New York, when we used to do stuff in New York,
I believe Seth Herzog brought a monkey on stage for a bit
like at a comedy show and the monkey ripped his ear lobe off.
Whoa.
These fucking things are animals.
They look like people, but they're animals.
You can throw your face off and rip off your balls,
and then they'll eat your hands off.
And that's not all because they're animals,
but they're animals that understand your private parts.
Like a dog doesn't go right for your fucking nuts,
but a shrimp is like, I know exactly what you are.
I am 99% identical to you genetically,
and I'm angry at you.
I know, I'm de-beat you.
I'm going for the parts of you that get you passed.
Literally low hanging fruit.
It's like blah.
They go for your face and your fucking fingers
and your genitals.
They go for what you'd go for if you have compassion.
Because that's prison fight.
If you weren't so lazy, this is what you would do.
I remember I talked to an animal trainer who had an orangutan,
and I was like, oh, was it like working with them?
And he goes, well, my trainer, my master trainer,
had an orangutan, and he goes, once they become older,
they get more stubborn.
And you have to start to watch out for these signs.
And he goes, he was missing his mark.
He wasn't doing his thing, and they used to live together.
And he said, I'd always say, you'd always tell a monkey,
like get me a beer, and the monkey would get him a beer,
and then the monkey would have a beer.
He goes, but one day he said, get me a beer,
and the monkey didn't get him a beer.
And he's like, now it's time.
And he goes, he walked him out into the backyard
and shot him in the back.
No.
Because he said that because I believe it was an orangutan
that when they get to a certain age,
like their headaches actually grows,
or something like that, like a bone in their head
kind of pops out, and then they cannot be trained anymore.
Then they're not, they are off the grid.
So you're like, and because they are domesticated
and off the grid, they're doubly fucked.
So it was like, the only main thing was to shoot them.
It was murder.
But I love a Miller's crossing with an orangutan.
What the fuck?
Just walking him out and pop.
And not because he didn't break his leg in a horse race.
Like, that's sad enough.
It's like, thank you for racing and making all the money.
No, it's like, you've gone to a joint.
It's like, you wouldn't give me a beer.
You became sentient.
You are not my slave anymore, Troy.
Oh my god, I want to un-hear that.
You started to evolve.
You were evolving.
This was a guy.
This is an animal trainer who's master trainer.
Like, he apprenticed under this guy
and told the story very casually.
It wasn't like a, it wasn't like, oh,
and he told me like 10 other amazing stories about it.
He just shot him with a gun?
He said like this, he goes, he walked him out in the back
with a gun, and poof.
So I imagine that means she knows, yeah.
That could mean a lot of things, though.
That could mean a lot.
Dan, Dan, was it Jim or Joel Hodgson that told us?
I love Lancelot Link, that show with the chimpanzees.
And I think it was Joel Hodgson, right, Harmon,
who told us that he knows the people that did that show.
And there was these chimpanzees.
If you don't know Lancelot Link, Secret Chimp,
it was a show where it's like a James Bond kind of thing.
It's very funny.
And there was the evolution revolution with the band.
And there's chimpanzees playing drums.
It's very fun.
However, we found out from our friend Joel Hodgson
from Mystery Science Theater fame
that part of training those chimps
was daily taking them out behind the fucking set
and beating them with a pipe.
And like beating them in a submission,
because these chimps at some point, they get aggressive.
And they're like, I don't want to do this anymore.
They're very muscular, very aggressive when they want to be.
And they would have to take them out and beat them
within an inch of their fucking life,
like all the time, to get them to go put a tuxedo on
and pretend that they're going to put a tuxedo on.
Their wardrobe just kept getting more and more elaborate
to cover up all of them.
There was a guy calling me at the end of it all.
They have to put their own tuxedo on that.
They're like, god damn it.
Told Cindy to take this in.
Makes me look like a fat ass.
If that guy beats me with a pipe one less time,
I'm not putting it on next time.
I don't know why that made me.
Monkey alone in a trailer with a black eye.
It's a terrible job.
Yeah, you hit it with the pipe, and then you're like,
now go to your dressing room and dress like a fucking witch
doctor.
And he's like emin and ha, and a hump,
and he's just kind of got the latch on the back.
It's not funny if you're listening and you're
an animal person.
Yeah, well, I'm not.
Yeah, we're not making fun of it.
Yeah, we're not.
I saw on Facebook that thing where elephants are painting,
and the elephant draws a painting of an elephant,
and it's fucking a better elephant that you could draw.
And people are like, well, that's a fucking amazing.
I didn't know an elephant could put a paintbrush in its trunk
and draw a fucking perfect elephant and do it.
It turns out the way they do that is through torture
and through lots of like, people walk up to them
and they hold them by the ear, but in their hands
there's a nail, and there's little sticks they have.
It doesn't look like it, but what they're doing
is they're just jabbing them with.
It's all through pain that they've
learned to do this shit.
But are the paintings good?
I mean, they're beautiful paintings.
I would buy one of these paintings.
Yeah.
I would like a movie version of The Fugitive with a monkey
being like he killed a trainer, and he's like,
I wrongly accused monkey being chased down.
I was tired of playing the baron and putting a monocle
in and riding a tricycle, and yes, I killed my trainer,
but it was price entertainment.
But now he's a monkey without a fucking comb.
June, my wife, is very adamant about monkey and monkey
rights, because she doesn't like that monkeys are
portrayed in a way that they have no control over.
So in the movie called Monkey Shines,
a monkey is a killer.
And she's like, well, that's not fair to the monkey,
because he can't choose his roles.
And so he shouldn't be portraying his race
by doing this.
Like, you're forcing him into a role that is maybe not
defamatory to his race.
But June is paranormally empathic,
because when I did your awesome podcast,
How Did This Get Made, which everybody should listen to.
Thank you so much.
She was very sincerely like Jack Frost with Michael Keaton.
There was a point where she was crying.
Yeah, she cries.
She cries a lot.
Yeah, she gets touched by these things.
But the monkey debate was pretty amazing.
She does not believe that dogs, monkeys, whatever,
they should have some sort of autonomy over the roles
that they are choosing.
That's why Blackfish is such a great movie,
because you're just rooting for the killer whale.
You're like, oh, cool, man.
Yeah.
Come on.
It's like these 17-year-old interns that are like,
I love, I know you were doing a bit.
I mean, it's not their fault.
But they're like, no, it's not that trainer's fault.
But I mean, you do feel for the killer whale.
Like, you know, they've been fucking prisoner for the whole.
Yeah, but you could cut, well, why
are we having this debate?
But if you're young enough and you're that into animals,
you could come out of high school and be like,
I want to work at SeaWorld because I love the animals.
And you don't have to have been on the boat where you're
pulling them out of the water.
And you're just like, oh, my god, I love this whale.
You only know what you're told.
These are not top scientists that are in the pool going,
hey, here's some fish waved to the crowd.
I think the top researchers are probably
doing some other high-level shit.
Did you guys ever, the MPR, I've already talked about this,
but the MPR thing about that, it's all about monkey.
It's monkey stories, chimp stories and all that stuff.
And one of them is the scientist who,
like there was a chimp that was in the lab
that knew fluent sign language.
And it was just allowed to wander around the lab.
And there was a male head of the department.
And then there was like a funding guy who came in
and took him into his office and was yelling at him.
And oh, no, no, no, no, I'm sorry.
It was the other way around.
Maybe the female was the, the female scientist
was the head of the research department.
And she was being yelled at by a, by a male
who was like a, like a money guy.
I'm sure I got the story wrong.
I also got a million things about boat trip rock.
So just, you always have to,
you always have to just operate on my memory and just,
but the story I remember is that the monkey is,
the chimp is sitting out there signing with the,
with a male who was like, I think a superior to the female.
I have no idea if monkey, if chimps are inherently sexist
and he couldn't understand the hierarchy,
but he, he had a hierarchy in his head
and was signing to the male scientist.
Like that, that guy's in there like, like fucking up your shit.
Like, like he's like mistreating her.
Like you need to go in there and bite him.
And, and, and the guy's like, well, we don't,
we don't, we don't bite each other.
That's not what we do.
And, and the chimps like, you got to bite him.
He's, he's, look what he's in there dissing your, your woman.
Like, like, like he's, he's in there like fucking
with your whole thing.
And if you don't bite him, I'll bite you.
He signed this?
And the scientist was like, it was like,
uh, we don't bite each other's Ralph.
So good day.
And then like, or, or it was, you know what?
It was the other way around.
It was like, that's the scariest thing about it.
I think it was the woman was signing with the chimp
and the guy was, the chimp was saying to the woman,
tell him to bite him or I'm going to bite him later.
In any case, there was like this elaborate conversation
and it was like alarming.
And then they, and then like, uh, some time went by
and the male scientist was like sitting in his office.
Like it's just picture, like he's just laying down.
Chimp was like allowed to just go wherever I wanted.
And he just had some Xeroxes to do.
And like, uh, like, like the, the, the chimp, I mean,
and he just came in the guy's office, came across his desk
and bit his hand.
It's so hard that he lost like three fingers.
Whoa.
And he, and then he went, and then he,
and the guy was like, Jesus fucking Christ, Herman.
I, I thought, like, what the fuck is this blood everywhere?
God, he goes and gets his fingers reattached or whatever.
And then the, then the, the chimp, like after it just kept
going like, where's, where's Steve?
Like, like, like after he came back on there,
it's like, uh, he's getting his fingers reattached.
Um, and he's like, well, uh, well, where is he?
Where is he?
And he's like, he doesn't want to work with you anymore.
You bit his hand, you fucking cocksucker.
And he's like, uh, well, I mean, I had to.
Like, like, he sat having a conversation.
He's like, that's what you do.
He was like, I had to bite his hand.
Kind of like street law, you know what I mean?
And they said, you need to apologize to him.
And he was like, I don't know what that means or whatever.
Like the conversation was like, he,
he either didn't know what apologizing was
or he was like, I'm not sorry though.
You know, like in either case it was like, like, but I had to.
And then time went by and he kept going like, where's Steve?
And they're like, dude, you're a fucking dick.
Like you, you didn't, you know that you remember Steve,
so you remember what you did.
And he's like, yeah, but whatever.
And then like, like all this time went by.
And then after a while he apparently was like,
okay, bring Steven here.
And he gave him a hug.
Like, like, like, he was like, all right,
you fucking pussy, now let's get to work.
All right, bring me another, bring me another kitten.
All right, I broke his neck.
All right.
I want my KitKat fucking chimpanzees will rip your fuck it.
They're, they're, they are humorless,
like savage fucking monsters.
They have no compassion.
They're scary.
They don't look like us.
I get it, but they're monsters.
They're terrifying.
Well, it's tricky.
When you put a cowboy hat on anybody,
they seem more friendly, you know.
I know.
And then we want to do that, but it's like,
we shouldn't be doing that.
What are you drinking?
We shouldn't be, we shouldn't be dressing chimps up
because that's what they do to us.
That's chimp behavior to dress up a chimp.
Does that make sense?
Is that track?
We're going to be more human.
That's why it's called the humane society.
Like, like being humane involves being nice to animals.
Unless you're eating them at every meal.
Well, do you, I guess the question then is,
does it make sense to even train these monkeys to talk?
Because.
No, fuck no.
Well, no, no, no, you can't, no, you should.
I guess.
I feel like the plan is.
Keep fucking with everything.
Yeah, you want some too?
A cup.
Sorry guys.
Yeah, I feel like the plan is to make them soldiers, right?
Like, isn't that the idea?
Man, the cold open of Lawnmower, man.
The shows you how dangerous that is.
We put some more.
There's a cold open of Lawnmower, man.
It's like a chimp, like a Jim Henson chimp,
like going through a military base,
killing people because it's been trained
to do it in a video game.
Well, I mean, I mean, get out.
He's again.
Jim Henson chimp.
I talked, I talked into this.
I knew I wanted to.
Talk about how monkeys are so dumb.
Monkeys don't even know how to use a microphone.
Yeah, I mean, well, I mean,
monkeys probably have no remorse.
No, I bet they don't.
They like.
It's like a terminator, like a five year old terminator
with a rock hard dick.
They, monkeys will eat baby monkeys just like for fun.
I mean, not for fun.
They do it for war, but they'll just like,
monkeys will get up at like three in the morning
and like high five each other and then go into the jungle
and just eat a bunch of baby monkeys
from another monkey village.
By the way, Spencer, the way that you are positioned
right now and what you just said,
I want to watch a, just like an Andy Rooney segment
of just you, me like just,
just melancholy about monkey, it's some cold hard facts
about monkeys.
Spencer, are you pro or con monkey?
I'm against, like we should not, we should not know.
I mean, we shouldn't know about monkeys.
We shouldn't see monkeys.
Like not know about them?
No, they should just be away from us.
Because like, yeah, they do rip people's faces off.
Why are we all like, that's pretty cool.
Let's figure out why that happens.
They're ripping people's fucking faces off.
Well, studying them has been pretty important
to understanding ourselves.
It's dumb.
But I mean,
Again, this show is, this show is paying off huge dividends.
I just want that half an hour of just monkey,
monkey facts, monkey opinions.
I'm dead, I'm dead.
You wanted to be centered on monkeys.
I thought you were more taken, which is,
No, I just wanted to be a little monkey.
You don't talk about the creepy economy or anything.
Yeah, no, it's just about the monkey fact.
You just resigned to this fact about,
Yeah, they kill kids anyway.
But I feel like the bonobos have it going on
because they settle all their disputes
through fucking and sucking.
They just jerk off all the time.
Do they suck too?
Are the bonobos the ones with the inflamed?
They suck and suck and they masturbate
and they're bisexual and they're incestuous.
I don't know if they're the unadvertiser
on your podcast, but why would you name your company
bonobos?
That's a big podcast advertiser.
Are bonobos the one with the inflamed genitalia?
Like they're like their assholes are like pink and rosy.
Like it's like a target.
Well, they're the ones that are the most like us genetically.
Like they're the closest.
No, but what are their assholes like?
Why would you name the assseams of clothing companies?
Rob wants to know the specifics of their assholes.
What do their assholes look like?
Rob equates everybody on asshole how their assholes look.
You guys have seen what they do with frogs, right?
No.
Google chimpanzee frog.
They fuck them.
And hit enter.
And be amazed.
Oh, like that?
Like almost like a pocket money.
That's right.
I've heard.
There's 1,000 videos.
No.
1,000 videos.
I don't think I could watch it.
Because any time a frog's ever come near a chimp,
they've gone like this for a second.
And then they played with the mouse with their finger.
And then they just go, I should probably a male chimp.
I mean, I don't think.
Yeah, it's like, they just do it.
And then they throw the fucking frog away.
And then there's some videos where you watch the frog
like limping away.
Oh.
It's a comedy show.
They fuck the mouse?
They just use it as a flashlight?
Yeah.
There are research departments about it.
That's what we're saying.
It's a very specific blog.
You guys can do it tonight.
And once we get the show running to the peak,
that's my dream for the show is we
need to come up with a way that we
can have a live feed so that if they can see what the people
at home are seeing, then we can say, Spencer, bring up Google
chimp and frog.
And then they can be looking at it.
And then the people at home can be looking at it.
I don't want to watch that.
It's kind of front row.
It's so psyched.
It's a bad pitch.
Speaking of bad pitches, why don't we
start playing some shadow running?
Yeah, well, it's DeMorge here.
DeMorge Brown, are you in town?
I didn't see him in the greenery.
We have no DeMorge.
We've got no DeMorge.
Oh, shit.
We have Rob Schrab is here.
Oh, Schrab.
Oh, right.
Oh, get the fuck out here.
Where's Rob Schrab at?
Where my Schrab is at?
Where my Rob is at?
Yo, yo.
Where my Schrab is at?
Not to the O, to the B, to the Schrab.
I fucked your mom so hard, it was my job.
Got a lazy rap.
And the diesel to the Rob, going to go out in the street.
And I got a lob, my tennis ball.
Rob's on this side.
All the Rob's on this side.
All the Rob's over here.
All the Rob's to the left.
Hello, everybody.
Yay.
Glad I wore my jacket.
It's nice and chilly in here.
What's up, Rob Schrab?
Eh, I feel all right.
Rob, if you had to go toe-to-toe at the end of your life,
like a battle royale, you had to fight another animal.
Another animal.
If you could look into the netherverse and fight another animal.
If you could fight another animal.
Another animal.
To the death.
Which animal do you think that you would be equally mashed with?
And which one?
Gorilla.
You would fight a gorilla?
Fuck yeah.
For real?
No.
OK, how about this.
You get a weapon.
What do you mean?
You get to fight a.
I'm going to choose a gorilla.
Yeah, a gorilla is a weapon.
Yeah, fucker, I'll kill anything.
Eh, I'll take that, Rhino.
Clonies could use the gorilla as a weapon in a bunch of movies.
I wasn't listening to the show.
What is going on?
You get to fight a gorilla.
Is you in a gorilla in a ring, or like in a forest?
We weren't talking about it.
But you get one weapon.
But it's not a gun, or like an arrow, or a crossbow.
You get one melee weapon.
Like what do you fight a gorilla with?
What?
A knife?
I've hatched it.
Why?
I'm asking you a question, Schrab.
Did he do this to you guys?
No, no.
Kind of.
Well, I mean, he always asks different things all the time.
We've just been talking about happy little light subjects
out here.
All right.
You versus gorilla, what weapon do you bring in?
Schrab versus gorilla.
Yeah, what weapon do you bring in?
It can't be a gun, or a.
A sharknado.
A sharknado, right?
No, I don't know.
What's the point of this?
Let's say tomorrow you, let's say we.
I got one.
Let's say we all left the building tonight.
Voodoo doll.
Gorilla voodoo doll.
OK.
I got it.
I like this.
What's up with this empty thing?
This is empty.
I put that there, sorry.
Oh, OK.
It was in your chair.
Can we get Rob's shop of beer?
Yeah, let's get Rob's shop of beer.
All right, well, let's.
You're drinking out of it.
Don't go, he can have mine.
No.
I got front of Bronco.
All right, well, Schraba's an amazing.
Who brought the front of Bronco, by the way?
What's your name?
Hello, Sam.
Thank you so much.
Holy smokes.
Dan, what are you doing after the show tonight?
I know Schraba.
You want to go watch Nightmare on Elm Street,
because we lost Wes Craven today, I guess.
Wes Craven is dead, yeah.
Yeah.
And the funny thing is I ran into Brian Collins.
It's not funny.
It's not funny that he died.
It's kind of funny.
I said the funny thing.
What was there a choice between anything?
Like, was it always?
Between, like, John Carpenter or Will Craven?
No, no, no.
I mean, as far as were you saying, like,
was it always going to be Nightmare?
Or could it have been?
Oh, thank you so much.
Could it have been Scream 2?
What do you mean?
I mean, like, you're going to watch Nightmare on Elm Street
tonight.
Oh, yeah.
Was that, is there any other choice?
Deadly Friend.
Oh, interesting.
Deadly Friend is, like, one of my favorite Wes Craven movies.
Deadly Friend's great.
Shocker?
Shocker, or Swamp?
It's four in title, two in the pink.
Not two.
Shocker is, what's his face in that?
That's Peter Berg, right?
Peter Berg acts in Shocker.
Right.
That was when he was, like, an 18-year-old actor.
There were two movies that came out when Shocker came out
that were both very similar, and that was very confusing.
There were two horror movies that were both about guys
who died in electric chairs, I think.
Was Shocker the one that goes through the electric outlets?
Yeah, I think he becomes electricity,
which also includes television.
But then there was another.
Terrifying.
There was a, yeah, a special effects when horror always
go great together.
So scary.
Lawnmower, man, perfect combination of both.
Horrifying.
Wait, what?
So scary.
The one thing that's interesting about Wes Craven,
though, I feel like, is he really
was able to keep a consistent reinvention of himself.
Yeah.
When he did, when he did, uh, the Scream Queen, right?
I don't know if it is, Scream Queen?
Is that the new show, that Scream Queen show?
Anybody?
Anyone?
Researchers?
Is it?
No.
It's who?
No, that's Ryan Murphy.
That's American Horror Story.
We all have a tiny bit of information, all of this.
We're all just regurgitating.
Yeah, we're all just regurgitating.
Like, oh, yeah, yeah, I thought I heard that.
I don't know.
But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But definitely a bunch of, a bunch of animals
were killed on Nightmare on Elm Street.
I know, I know it, I know it.
The best weapon to, if you wanted to kill Wes Craven
would be a gorilla.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, Dan, he just died today.
Good joke.
Well, fuck you.
Wait, I cued you to do that?
So what do you think?
I'm sad he's dead.
No, after the show.
The only reason that game is to guilt you into hanging out
with me.
No, no.
You're going to watch it.
Well, all right, I'll hang out.
Do you think it's possible?
This might be a bad pitch.
Can we do it at my place, because my dogs?
Yes, I would love to do it at your place,
because I live right in between both of you.
Do you guys know there's an audience here?
Wes Craven died.
He doesn't return my text.
He doesn't.
You guys could call each other.
You could email each other.
He doesn't pick up.
You don't have to invite all of these people
and all of those people.
I was writing for the last, like, three weeks I've been trying.
You've been writing since 1993.
Let's be serious.
When is it going to stop?
When are you going to have time to hang out with me?
I got to go to a marathon of something I did.
Speaking of lines, it would be great in a trailer
for a concert movie.
That's part of the reason you guys came here,
because you're coming out with this concert movie you did.
Oh, yeah.
We did a comedy special in one take on a moving bus.
Concert movies are misnomer, though.
Because you're not going to go out to theaters and watch them.
It does happen in one night on a glass bus.
Yeah, we just basically, she and I made the show called
Crash Test, where we got this fucking insane glass tube.
And we drove around all of Hollywood.
Most buses, like, you face the driver.
And this one, you face the street.
And it's like stadium seating.
And the street becomes the stage.
Yeah, so we just called all of our comedy friends
and said, like, be in.
Didn't call me.
We did, as a matter of fact.
You gave us permission to get to the community stage.
Yeah.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, you were calling Joel McHale through me.
That's what happened.
But so we just drove all around Hollywood
and went to everybody's house.
And they just came out in their front yard
and did, like, a bit with us.
And then the bus just keeps going.
It was so fun.
So we made it into a special.
And it's on Vimeo.
Yeah, Vimeo on demand.
Was it called?
Crash Test.
Vimeo.
But it.
No new taxes.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
We have all of our comedy friends, Reno 911, Reno 911
reunion, and Earl Swechert, who we've
been doing comedy with for, God, like the last 10 years,
you know, of the odd future.
We grew up with them.
And it's literally like every funny comedy person
you've ever seen, and then Earl Swechert.
He's awesome, but it's just like, what was he?
In your trailer, it does like a Tarantino kind of boom,
boom, boom, of all the last names of, like,
look at all this fucking A-list people.
And then one of the, it's all the last names,
and sorry, Cordry, Rudd, whatever, that it's like a Swechert.
Swechert.
That makes me laugh every time.
It operates on two levels, because it's just
the name of an object.
That's the only level, really, that it operates on.
But you were the only, like, Paramount
let us shoot on their back lot, and basically they're like,
yeah, you can shoot anywhere you want on their back lot.
Everything will be closed, and we won't turn on any lights
for you.
Oh.
And then Dan was the one who let us at least
open a stage door, so you get to see the set of community
and the amazing banner that you had out in front of set.
Sounds like a good friend.
Uh.
No, it's a, the.
I love Schrab's criticisms of you,
because they're all compliments.
Like, you've been writing since 1993.
Yeah, I know.
Go to the unerror box, I mean, that.
What a put down.
Right.
So.
Uh.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's kind of.
Right?
Yeah.
So you're going to say a funny thing about my set.
Besides that, that you can go by the Greendale college.
You have this banner says nominated for zero Emmy.
Uh, hanging up.
Put that up for morale, you know, it's, it's one of the funniest
things that just suddenly they're right by inject McBrayer.
And you know what?
That was the smartest investment show ever made because I got
to use that sign for three years in a row.
It paid for itself.
That's called amortization.
That's something Sony never appreciated.
I amortized.
Hey, Dan, do you think that we can all play some Shadowrun together with this group?
I think so, yeah.
It's not our finest moment for feminism, but we'll...
You want me to do sound effects?
Yeah.
Okay, Rob will do sound effects.
No, you're probably going to need to be a character, because we need everybody that we got up here.
So, no sound effects.
Rob, follow your heart with sound effects.
If you feel like a sound needs to be affected,
I'll feel the room.
Well, if you want to...
It would be a number of mics, because...
Where did we land on you guys getting together after the show?
I...
If it's at my place.
Yes, yes.
I met my wife at Schrab's apartment.
That is true.
Schrab's apartment was my old apartment.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Schrab introduced me to my wife.
No reaction.
What?
Oh.
Schrab...
But my wife is half Japanese, so she's half responsible for Milo and Otis.
Wow.
How many cats did your wife throw off a cliff?
Like, what's half of 36?
18.
Schrab, last great West Craven movie go.
Excuse me.
Oh, shit.
Um...
Well, I mean, Scream is like...
That is pretty...
It's game-changing.
Would you say it brought back horror?
I think it brought it to a new level.
I mean, it was like one of the first...
It brought meta to contemporary...
To the people.
You know, like...
I mean, it helped out this guy here
with his...
shit that he does on television.
Wow.
Now the insults are really flying.
Warmed up the room for him a little bit.
Um...
Should I talk?
It's not... No, you should never talk.
Okay. Sound effects.
Oh, no, no, no. You're playing Erin McGathy's character.
Oh, my God. Okay.
Oh, my God.
Now, Paul and Rob,
do you guys understand how Shadowrun works?
Absolutely.
I don't even know what I'm looking at.
If you see a Shadowrun,
Rob, just run like shit.
That's an idea.
Rob, what character...
Rob Hubel.
Hubel, what character do you have?
I lost it.
Are you Dr. Friend, by any chance?
Yeah.
Goddamn it.
This fucking stutter.
I'm Dr. Friend.
Paul, you're Dr. Friend.
I don't even pay attention to this shit.
Who are you, Hubel?
I'm just hanging out.
Oh, you're Hordegaard.
Hordegaard is kind of a what?
He's a dwarf German.
He's like a German doctor.
No, no. A German psychic.
Hordegaard's a dwarf.
German, but clearly German.
He's Dutch, I think.
He's from Oslo.
Oh, it's Norwegian.
Okay, so do your best Norwegian.
And Paul, you are...
Dr. Friend.
He's a troll.
A troll doctor.
A male troll doctor
who has an armor jacket.
Yes.
He's kind of a mob doctor archetype.
He's like a black market doctor
who travels with us.
Hordegaard is kind of an eye in the sky.
He can kind of see...
...your map, like, when we need...
I feel like we shouldn't waste time
of your listeners and your audience
explaining, let's just fucking do it.
I mean, what's the worst that could happen?
Like, I'm gonna fucking swallow a snail.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Previously on Harmon Run Shadow Time,
enraged that their Johnson had double-crossed them
with a ghoul magnet-trapped briefcase,
Dr. Friend and Eve Libertine
decided to combine forces
in seeking righteous retribution.
Eve summoned a spirit eagle
for a delivery system
for a rage-empowered agony spell.
Hordegaard contributed to the revenge cocktail
with General Psychic Fusion.
And Jim Nightblade,
not wanting to dampen the synergy,
openly declared as sexuality
because the only thing that is more powerful
than a secret is the secret's exposure.
The doctor quickly restored
the drained Eve,
allowing her to summon
an additional spirit sparrow
to search after the Johnson.
And the gang searched their souls
and evaluated their recent exploits and setbacks.
Time to get paid,
or time to get some paid back,
or time to pay Shadow Run Style.
All right.
Can you say that all like...
Spencer, who wrote that for us?
That was by Pat Spenogl.
What?
Pat Spenogl.
You're not even writing the stuff anymore?
No, man, I have sources.
He's like Jim Davis, like, year 9 of Garfield.
Oh, man.
I just like, I don't know.
Is that true? Is it Jim Davis?
Spencer, did my sparrow...
What has happened just the last time I've been here?
Spencer, did my mystic sparrow find anything?
He's reading off his phone?
Yeah.
We have guest writers for it.
What to do?
Let's see what we got to...
Spencer, did my sparrow find
the driver of the car
that left us holding the bag?
You just sent it out, but not yet.
It might take some time.
Okay, I'll hold tight on that one.
Shit.
I mean, all right.
So we are...
You're in a parking lot.
There's zombies, ghouls.
They're kind of just cruising around, though.
They're not meanin' you any harm.
How many shadows?
There's, like, seven shadows.
Get the fuck out, man!
You gotta get the fuck out!
You gotta run, man!
Well, guys, I say we...
I say we go...
I say we go our separate ways.
Wait for another shadow run to call us.
Why don't we go back to that bar?
What's the bar called that we all hang out at?
Where the Johnson's hang out?
Hank's Last Dance.
Let's go to Hank's Last Dance.
I'll have a drink.
I call an Uber and we go to Hank's Last Dance.
What time are we in?
2050... what?
2070 something.
So this is when monkeys are all gone, right?
There's no such thing as monkeys.
So there's no beholders or dragons or anything?
Oh, there's dragons.
Well, there's dragons. There's no beholders. There's no monkeys.
Thank God.
It's magical, Rob.
Yeah, there's magic.
I'm already disappointed.
We don't lose any points for the data mining
that Uber will take from us, right?
Not these days.
You don't even have any data.
It's safe at all.
I had 11 Uber drivers reject me before getting in.
I had to drive myself here.
Wait.
Is this Rob Schrober or is this a character?
No, this is me saying this.
I thought it was your character.
No, it's not a character.
No, I had to drive myself.
Mercy, you're our face man.
Why did so many drivers reject you?
Rob Schrober.
No, you're Mercy O'Donnell.
Okay, well, I'll tell you later,
as myself,
11, 11.
Do you have a low school?
Mercy, you're so charming.
You have the prettiest face in town.
This is true.
You're so charming.
Why would so many drivers reject you, do you think?
Well, it didn't happen to me.
It happened to Rob Schrober.
But that was like 65 years ago.
60 years ago.
It was longer than that.
Let's go to the bar, right?
We're at the bar.
Yep, that happens.
You roll into Hank's last stand
as the Uber drone drives off.
You recognize some familiar faces.
You see Hank and Teddy,
and also Hack Eye.
They're all just chilling.
Hank? Teddy?
Hack Eye?
Hey, how'd it go?
Waiting for the third one to answer.
What?
Only one person has been talking.
Oh, where's Hank and Teddy?
Hey guys, hey, what's up, I'm Hank.
Sorry, I was in the bathroom.
Teddy?
Hack Eye?
Where's Hank?
He's right there.
Right here.
How come you guys took so long to sit down?
I was over there, jeep bucks,
trying to pick a song
that applied to my life,
but I couldn't find one.
Nightblade, tell them.
Tell them what happened.
Well, the music industry's taking a hit.
Because of all the increased technology,
it's anybody who plays a power chord
to get a record deal now,
so there's a lot of more popular songs
that tickle that toe-tapping bone
at a wedding or funeral,
but by and large,
no one makes the connection that
the Beatles used to.
Amen, amen to that.
My grandparents listen to the Beatles.
Oh, shit, yeah, the Beatles.
My grandparents' parents listen to the Beatles
and they tell me all about it anyway.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Well, anyways, yeah, we went to drop off
the job and we got
ghoul-magneted
by the Johnson.
It's not worth going into detail.
We got fucked over on the job.
We're starting to think where I am, rather.
I won't pretend that my...
I'm gonna take a shit.
Hey, that's good.
Won't pretend that my
viewpoint is shit.
I'll watch her take a shit.
Go for it all.
Free country.
I'll keep the door open.
There's no music,
so we gotta keep ourselves entertained by something.
Can we change the station on the TV
while I...
It'll help this go faster.
The job went poorly.
So, no, with the changing of the...
No?
I'm not in the bathroom.
I'm yelling.
What would you say if I had a job?
You don't have to shit so fast.
Okay.
What is this girl's...
What would she do with her legs crossed?
I've seen it all before.
What would you say...
What would you say if I had a job for you?
A job? What?
A job.
I want a job.
Yeah.
What job?
Close the door while you're shitting.
Let's see. Jesus Christ.
Get in.
Cool. Yeah, I'm down.
We all go into the...
We all go into the bathroom with Mercy while she's taking a shit.
Jesus Christ, I can't believe...
Go watch her.
She crosses her legs with shit.
Let's talk in private.
She crosses her legs so you can look in.
It's gross.
I didn't even know girls took shit.
They do?
Look, I have a job.
We should go out of the bathroom.
God damn it.
I'm done.
Okay.
It wasn't even a fulfilling shit.
It was almost like too little...
thing.
What's the job? What do you have for us?
I need you guys to break into a storage facility.
Is that true?
We have a bunch of MP3s in there.
What? Oh, no, wait, I can't.
No, go for it.
What's the job?
Wait, where's this going?
It's probably...
Let's do it.
I have a storage facility.
Full of MP3s.
With the good stuff.
Full of MP3s?
MP3s. Beatles.
Stones. Cyrus.
I got them all.
Whiskalifa.
All of it in there.
Whiskalifa is my favorite.
You didn't need to rent a storage facility.
I didn't rent it.
I just know there's a place where all the MP3s are held.
Old music. Good music.
He's Dr. Friend, right?
No, that's Hank.
Is it true what they say?
That all the pops and whistles on those old MP3s
make the sound somehow better than...
Oh, those ones and zeros.
It's so smooth
I wouldn't even think they played instruments.
Oh, my God.
I mean, I grew up on that.
When I was fleeing the government
and I was living in the hills with the Native Americans,
we used to play MP3s.
That's the stuff I grew up on.
People used to have players in the size of their hands.
I know.
That's almost 80 years ago.
I would do anything to get my hands on those.
More importantly...
Oh, sorry.
You go ahead, no.
You guys got them for me. I'd be very excited about that.
No, go ahead.
I just want to listen to some music.
No, you get the job.
Well, I'm just saying that.
I remember back then when those players were so big
you could put one in a paper cup.
Oh, yeah, I know. Just amplify the sound like a little portable speaker.
Go ahead. Sorry.
Nothing more to say than just saying,
I'd love to listen to some good old classic music
and say this pop culture junk in here.
But more importantly, so is the customer.
Talking big money.
We'll bring people back to Hank's bar.
Finally.
He's Hank, right?
Yeah, he's Hank.
I talk about it in the third person.
Hey!
What's up?
Each one of those MP3s
is like 99 cents, man.
That's a lot of money.
There's more than like three of them.
More like $1.29 in the later days.
Shit.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hank, Hank,
why has it been so long
since we've seen MP3s
all this great old music for so long
and nobody's had access to all this great stuff?
Music causes revolution.
Good music.
They have to take away our music.
Leave us with this candy coated bullshit.
Oh my god, you're right.
Guys, Shadowrunners,
if we get our hands, do we have a nickname?
Do we have a team name? I like Shadowrunners.
I mean, we have to vote,
but it'll take a while.
Look, I meet Libertine
because I named myself after
a punk band from the 70s
from Crass.
I feel like he's right. Hank is right.
If we get our hands on this music,
there's a chance that we can take this old music
and bring humanity back to where it used to be.
What was the band? It was called Crass.
Cool.
You ever heard of it?
I did now.
Keep going.
I don't care what it takes. It all costs.
I want to get my hands on this music
and I want to make sure that everybody gets to hear this
because that's the stuff that might change people's minds
and bring us back to the humans that we used to be.
Amen.
Thank you, Hank.
Well, did you flush that shit that you took?
No, I better go back. You want to come with?
Yeah, come with me.
We go back.
Both of us go back.
Sound effects, sound effects. Both of us go back
to the bathroom.
And then Dr. Friend uses his detox on you
which allows you to eliminate all the side effects
of that terrible meat poison.
Oh, boy.
Look at that. Look at that massive shit.
It's like using a squatty pot.
Yes. You could kind of like
see what my day was.
Like just in the relief of...
Okay, everybody checking this out?
Okay, I'm going to flush it.
Hey, so Hank...
Goodbye.
Goodbye, ladies shit.
Hank, where are these MP3s?
Allagazza's data map.
Hortegaard.
Give Hortegaard the data map.
Here's the data map.
Thank you very much for giving it to me.
Yeah.
Yes, thank you.
I would also like
to say that
Shadowrunners
sounds to me more like a racist
Disney movie.
I am not so sure about the name
Shadowrunners as a nickname
for the group.
It's not shat. It's shadow.
I understood what you said.
I still...
Wait a second.
There's one thing I got to tell you.
I hope one of you has musical ability
because to break into this facility
they don't have key codes.
Oh, Mercy.
Mercy has musical ability, I think, right?
Spencer, am I right?
They don't have key codes.
They have music codes.
You have to play music.
And it's not one thing.
It's another with these codes, man.
They couldn't come up with a better name
for it than music codes.
I mean, I just heard about it.
I heard about it as music codes.
Music codes.
So give us a location
and we'll take care of the rest.
Well, I gave you the data map and now I told you a little secret.
I have the data map.
All right.
Well, let's get going. Come on, huh?
Let's get on my...
Somebody Uber...
I call an Uber.
That's all right.
Look at the size of that building.
Pfft.
You find your...
You find yourself
outside of a large building.
Yeah.
It's not related...
It's not related to the storage facility.
Oh, did I punch... did you punch in the wrong address?
I thought you had the address.
Shit.
Let's look at the data map.
Wait a second, guys. This is me, Dr. Friend.
Where were you?
I was watching that whole scene at Hank's Bar.
I thought this was a cool mission and I just kind of
to sit back and just let you guys handle it.
It didn't feel like there was any reason for me to interject.
This pervert's name, Hank,
gave us a detail.
I saw the whole thing. I was right there.
I watched the shit. I watched the more
massive shit I heard about the thing.
You never said anything when...
Why do I... I mean, you know
part of my character is just keeping it cool.
Pitching in when I got something.
I'll speak to speak.
Spencer, we got the right address right to the...
Well, no.
I actually plugged it in.
This is a musical academy.
Kind of like a school of rock.
I think we need to practice.
So we're going to learn music first
to learn the musical codes?
Look, I told you.
I didn't speak up there because I figured you guys
would all be on board with this.
Dr. Friend, that's a good idea.
We can't go into that building without
knowing the music.
We can learn how to do music together.
We could try.
I walk
manfully,
womanfully through the front doors
of the musical academy building.
You do that.
You find several small children
staring at you creepily.
Throw mashed potatoes at them.
LAUGHTER
Don't worry, kids.
That's a callback.
It's what they call a callback.
Hey, kids.
I'm entering, too.
Hey, kids, I heard you could teach us how to sing.
That might be true.
We need to learn how to perform.
Kids, how old are you all?
Seven.
We're bad chatter runners.
We mostly just...
Speak for yourself.
I think it's time for us to admit
that maybe kids could teach us how to
work in harmony
together.
So, kids, maybe you...
Your groans are misplaced.
LAUGHTER
I'm on their side.
I feel like we need these children
to teach us.
I, for one, if we want
these MP3s to
reunite humanity through music
for the good old days.
Thank you.
Kids, where do we
start our education?
We should probably show them what we got.
Yeah.
APPLAUSE
And then let them adjust us.
Yeah.
Because you never know.
Maybe we could have read the first time.
MUSIC
And that's what we got.
That was great.
APPLAUSE
What did the kids think?
Is that good kids?
We'll find out next time.
We'll hear the kids' reaction when we do.
LAUGHTER
This episode has been brought to you by
Paul Shearer and Rob Hubel.
APPLAUSE
Download.
Don't tour it.
Yeah. Crashthatshow.com
where you go to Vimeo on demand.
I know that may seem daunting to you
but it's actually super easy.
I do it all the time.
Let's hear from Rob Schrab, everybody.
Rob Schrab.
APPLAUSE
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, Paul Shearer.
Rob Hubel.
APPLAUSE
You're made, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Trish Buriff, our director back there.
Justin Marshall, our producer.
We'll find people at NerdMouth.
Mouth Downs.
NerdMouth.
We did it again.
Drive fast, take chances.
See you next time, everybody.
APPLAUSE
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.
APPLAUSE
That's what I wanted to do more...
Tarot audio